feat: Add documentation about busola in k8s and adjust k8s configs (#3547)
kyma-project/busola: README.md

   docker run --rm -it -p 3001:3001 -v <path to your custom config>:/app/core-ui/environments/ --env ENVIRONMENT={your-env} --pid=host --name busola europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/busola:latest
   ```

> ## Deploy Busola in Kubernetes Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy Busola on the Kubernetes Cluster
```

> To install Busola on Kubernetes cluster run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Busola on the Kubernetes cluster, run:
```

```shell
(cd resources && kustomize build base/ | kubectl apply -f- )
```

> To install Busola using specific environment configuration, set `ENVIRONMENT` shell environment variable and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Busola using a specific environment configuration, set the `ENVIRONMENT` shell environment variable and run:
```

```shell
(cd resources && kustomize build environments/${ENVIRONMENT} | kubectl apply -f- )
```

> ## Access Busola installed on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access Busola Installed on Kubernetes
```

> ### Kubectl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### kubectl
```

> The simplest method which always works is to use capabilities of `kubectl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest method that always works is to use the capabilities of kubectl.
```

```shell
kubectl port-forward services/busola 3001:3001
```

> ### Busola installed on K3d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### k3d
```

Prerequisites:

> - K3d with installed Traefik, by default it's installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- k3d with [Traefik](https://k3d.io/v5.6.0/usage/k3s/#traefik) (installed by default).
```

> Install ingress resources by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Ingress resources:
```

```shell
(cd resources && kubectl apply -f ingress/ingress.yaml)
```

> Go to `localhost`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to `localhost`
```

#### Connect to the k3d cluster where Busola is installed.

To be able to connect to the same K3d cluster where Busola is installed.
Download kubeconfig and change cluster server address to `https://kubernetes.default.svc:443`.

Using shell:
Set `K3D_CLUSTER_NAME` shell environment variable to name of your cluster.

```shell
k3d kubeconfig get ${K3D_CLUSTER_NAME} > k3d-kubeconfig.yaml
yq --inplace '.clusters[].cluster.server = "https://kubernetes.default.svc:443"' k3d-kubeconfig.yaml
```

> ### Kubernetes cluster with Istio installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Kubernetes Cluster with Istio Installed
```

Prerequisites:

> - Sidecar Proxy injection enabled, see [Kyma docs](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/tutorials/01-40-enable-sidecar-injection?id=enable-istio-sidecar-proxy-injection), how to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sidecar Proxy injection enabled, see [Enable Istio Sidecar Proxy Injection](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/tutorials/01-40-enable-sidecar-injection?id=enable-istio-sidecar-proxy-injection).
```

> - Api gateway module installed, see [install docs](https://kyma-project.io/#/02-get-started/01-quick-install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API Gateway module installed, see [Quick Install](https://kyma-project.io/#/02-get-started/01-quick-install)
```

> Install Istio needed resources by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Istio required resources:
```

```shell
(cd resources && kubectl apply -k istio)
```

> To get Busola address run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To get the Busola address, run:
```

```shell
kubectl get virtualservices.networking.istio.io
```

> and find `busola-***` virtual service. Under `HOSTS` there is address to access Busola page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and find the `busola-***` virtual service. Under `HOSTS,` there is an address where you can access the Busola page.
```

   docker run --rm -it -p 3001:3001 -v <path to your custom config>:/app/core-ui/environments/ --env ENVIRONMENT={your-env} --pid=host --name busola europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/busola:latest
   ```

> ## Deploy Busola on the Kubernetes Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy Busola in the Kubernetes Cluster
```

> To install Busola on the Kubernetes cluster, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Busola in the Kubernetes cluster, run:
```

   docker run --rm -it -p 3001:3001 -v <path to your custom config>:/app/core-ui/environments/ --env ENVIRONMENT={your-env} --pid=host --name busola europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/busola:latest
   ```

## Deploy Busola on the Kubernetes Cluster

To install Busola on the Kubernetes cluster, run:

```shell
(cd resources && kustomize build base/ | kubectl apply -f- )
```

To install Busola using a specific environment configuration, set the `ENVIRONMENT` shell environment variable and run:

```shell
(cd resources && kustomize build environments/${ENVIRONMENT} | kubectl apply -f- )
```

## Access Busola Installed on Kubernetes

### kubectl

The simplest method that always works is to use the capabilities of kubectl.

```shell
kubectl port-forward services/busola 3001:3001
```

### k3d

Prerequisites:

- K3d with exposed loadbalancer on port 80.
  > **TIP:** To create K3d with exposed load balancer run: `k3d cluster create -p "80:80@loadbalancer"`.

>   > More details available in k3d docs [exposing services](https://k3d.io/v5.6.3/usage/exposing_services/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > See [Exposing Services](https://k3d.io/v5.6.3/usage/exposing_services/) for more details.
```

1. Install Ingress resources:

```shell
(cd resources && kubectl apply -f ingress/ingress.yaml)
```

> 2. Go to `localhost`

Reviewer: Now that I think of it. What does it mean?
Go to the localhost folder? Something else?

> #### Connect to the k3d cluster where Busola is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Connect to the k3d Cluster With Busola Installed.
```

> To be able to connect to the same K3d cluster where Busola is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to the same k3d cluster with Busola installed, download kubeconfig and change the cluster server address to `https://kubernetes.default.svc:443`.
```

> Download kubeconfig and change cluster server address to `https://kubernetes.default.svc:443`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Using shell.

Reviewer: To do what? Maybe we don't need this sentence.

Prerequisites:

- [yq](https://mikefarah.gitbook.io/yq)

> Set `K3D_CLUSTER_NAME` shell environment variable to name of your cluster and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `K3D_CLUSTER_NAME` shell environment variable to the name of your cluster and run:
```
